#Generatrum Linguarum

This is a personal project of mine to develop an application with which it is possible to generate a spoken contructed language, a conlang. So far I have made plenty of attempts at it using the different programming languages and programming methods I've learned over time.

In this attempt I'm using Java due to its processing speed and cross-platform capabilities. The generator makes use of user input regex for deciding whether a generated word stem is allowed or not (e.g. combinations of phonemes that are not permitted) and in transliterating a generated word/stem from a "raw" representation (e.g. "&lt;ge&gt;&lt;hYo&gt;&lt;uN&gt;&lt;e&gt;&lt;nu&gt;") into a "final" representation (e.g. "gehyōn'enu", "げひょうんえぬ", "gexyoungënu" or "гэхёунъэну"). In the generating process, use is made of the user input weights and probabilities which affect the usage of individual phonemes, usage of syllable segments, the amount of syllables within a stem and whether a stem caught by a filter is to be let through or not.

So far this is only a word/stem generator. As such, I plan to move configurations to files, add a database for holding a dictionary, and to create a control GUI. I would also like to add more on generating a language structure but with my current knowledge of spoken languages and their complexities, I am not yet certain on how to proceed from here.

With a simple test language containing 22 phonemes and 12 filter rules and various other configurations, this application is currently able to generate 50000 stems in 1 second using 4 threads on my dual core machine.